[phone rings]
[voicemail] Hi. this is Cherry. leave
a message and I'll call you back.
[beeps]
Hi Cherry. it's Laura. I'm
on the way to the flat.
I... I really need
to speak to you.
OK. uh. I'll see you soon.
[upbeat rock music]
What am I going to say?
Cherry. I know that this is
going to come as a shock...
um... but I wanted to
tell you in person.
Daniel... He's
actually... he's made it.
And he's going to be OK.
[sighs] Oh. God.
[buzzer rings]
[sighs]
[tyres screech]
[car revs loudly]
[music fades]
Hi. Laura!
-So sorry. have you been waiting long?
-No. not at all.
[keys rattle]
Come in. come in.
Sorry. I didn't
have time to tidy.
Just. make yourself at home.
Cup of tea?
Uh... no thanks.
[intriguing music]
Did Daniel stay here
before the accident?
[Cherry] No. he'd only
just got the keys.
Is this Daniel's laptop?
Yeah. I was just borrowing it.
I've got his rucksack here and...
some of his post.
Are you sure you
don't want a drink?
-Uh... no thanks.
-Really? Nothing?
I'm fine. I'm fine.
I just want to talk.
Could I show you what I bought?
You can tell me
which one's right.
I think it's perfect but I
just wanted you to see...
Cherry. can we...
just talk. first?
I'm sorry that I didn't
reach out to you sooner.
Um...
these last couple of weeks
have just been a blur.
And...
I want you to know I know
how much Daniel means to you.
[Cherry] He meant
everything to me.
-And I just need to tell you...
-We were so happy.
Do you know he proposed to me?
[tense music]
Yeah. he... he
wanted to marry me.
He told me just
before the accident.
But you only dated for
a couple of months.
He just knew.
So did I.
We'd have been family. Laura.
It's what Daniel wanted.
Do you have a date
for the funeral?
[music intensifies]
We already had the funeral.
What?
-It was small. private.
-You can't do that.
We just wanted it to be family.
Cherry. The same way it was with Rose.
Who the fuck do
you think you are?
Get out!
[music fades]
[intriguing music]
[whispers] Cherry-L-5-2-3.
Cherry-L-5-2-3.
[doorbell rings]
[bangs on door]
[bangs]
[music intensifies]
Laura!
Don't make me break
down this fucking door!
Laura! I know you're in there!
Laura. for fuck's sake!
You're not going to get rid
of me. you fucking bitch.
[phone rings]
-[Howard] Hey. honey.
-Hey!
-Everything OK?
-Yeah. I was just thinking. um...
I don't want us bringing
Daniel back to London.
But the doctors said
he's good to go.
No no no. I was
actually thinking.
What if we took him to
Spain for his recovery?
-That's a bit soon.
-No. I know. I know. but...
don't you think it will be
good for us to have some time.
just the three of us?
Mum...
Yes. honey.
Dad and I are
right here. You OK?
[Daniel grunts]
Did you manage to
get hold of Cherry?
No. I. um...
tried calling her. and
she didn't pick up.
She didn't call me back.
I don't understand. like...
Did I do something wrong?
What? No. You didn't
do anything wrong.
Sweetheart. some people.
they just want to be
around for the good times.
Did you get me a new phone?
You... you said
you'd get me a phone.
Yes. of course I did.
I'll set it up for you. OK?
[kiss] Everything's
going to be OK.
[♪PJ Harvey: "Rid of Me"]
♪ Tie yourself to me ♪
♪ No one else No.
you're not rid of me ♪
♪ You're not rid of me ♪
♪ Night and day I breathe ♪
♪ Yeah You're not rid of me ♪
♪ Yeah. you're not rid of me ♪
♪ Yeah You're not rid of me♪♪
[song concludes]
There's your napkin. honey.
-[Howard] Gracias. Carlota.
-De nada.
Oh. your physio comes in the
morning! She's very good.
Apparently. she was Spain's
Olympic Team therapist.
Oh!
You hear that. Daniel? You'll
be pole vaulting in no time.
[she chuckles]
-I can do that.
-That's OK. honey.
Mum. Mum! I can feed myself.
-How's the gallery?
-Uh. good!
-All Riven's work sold in the end.
-Oh.
And I'm pursuing this new
artist called Jamal K..
he's got a huge
online following.
For fuck's sake...
Let me do it.
You'll get there. honey.
You will get there.
Mum! Stop!
It's not that.
[intriguing music]
Damn it.
[sighs]
[coughs in the distance]
[music intensifies]
No. we flew out yesterday. It
was a last minute decision.
-[Isabella] Gosh. that was quick.
-Listen. Isabella. I need a favour.
Can you get Brigitte to just keep
quiet about Daniel's recovery?
OK... but what do
you mean. keep quiet?
I just... I just don't want everybody
talking about him and hassling him.
Cherry still hasn't been in touch
and he's just so depressed. you know?
That's awful. darling. We're
all so worried about him.
I know. I know you're worried. Um.
I'll keep you posted. I promise.
OK. Please do.
-Thank you.
-Love you.
Love you too. Bye.
[music fades]
[Laura. on phone] I'm so sorry. Cherry.
Daniel's gone. He died this morning.
[♪Billie Eilish: "When
the Party's Over"]
♪ Don't you know I'm
no good for you? ♪
♪ I've learned to lose
you. can't afford to ♪
[voicemail] Hey. it's Daniel.
leave a message. [beeps]
♪ Tore my shirt to
stop you bleedin' ♪
It's so nice to hear your voice.
♪ But nothin' ever ♪
♪ Stops you leavin' ♪
I can't. Daniel.
I don't know what
to do without you.
Please. just come back.
♪ Quiet when I'm coming
home and I'm on my own ♪
♪ I could lie. say I like it
like that. like it like that ♪
♪ I could lie. say I
like it like that ♪
♪ Like it like that ♪
[song fades]
-Can I help at all?
-Hi. yeah.
Um...
I think this is right.
it's hard to tell.
Who's it for? A partner?
Yeah.
His mum loves him in blue.
Blue eyes?
Mmm. the bluest.
[soft melancholic music]
Um... I'm so sorry. it declined.
Would you like to try another card?
Yeah. of course.
Are you OK?
Yeah. Yeah. sorry.
-Yeah. that's perfect.
-Great.
-There you are.
-Thank you.
So. what's the special occasion?
Is it a birthday? Wedding?
No. it's his funeral.
Yeah. he'll be buried in it.
God. I'm... I'm so sorry.
His family haven't let me
be involved much. but...
I'm hoping I could at
least choose what he wears.
[phone vibrates]
[voicemail] Cherry. this is Laura. I'm
sorry I haven't returned your calls.
I'm on the way to the flat. I
really need to speak to you.
Shit.
[tense music]
[car revs]
Ah. fuck.
-Do you want a cup of tea?
-Uh. no. thanks.
We already had the funeral.
What?
Why didn't you call me?
Because you're not family.
I know it's hard. Cherry. but...
you need to move on.
Laura...
[door opens]
How could you be
so fucking cruel?
[door slams]
[music intensifies]
[Cherry] Laura! I
know you're in there!
Laura. I'm not going anywhere.
What the fuck. I just want
to know where he's buried.
Please just talk to me.
[phone vibrates]
Hi Cherry. it's Laura.
Listen. I'm afraid you're going to
have to move out of Daniel's flat
by the end of the month.
We're selling it.
[woman] OK Daniel... Good...
Good. one step...
-Then the next step.
-[Howard] Where'd you find her?
[Laura] Carlota. I asked her to
find the best and the prettiest.
-Ah!
-[they chuckle]
Fastest way to heal a
broken heart. though. right?
You're good.
I just can't get my head
around Cherry's vanishing act.
I told you! You only see
the good in everyone.
You say that like
that's a bad thing.
Listen...
I don't think Daniel should live
in that flat when we go back.
We need him to look forward.
That's up to Daniel. He
might want to stay there.
Will you talk to him please?
We can't have him living alone.
OK.
He'll listen to you.
Lift those knees! A
little bit higher.
Agh! Fuck!
Fuck!
Do you need help?
No. I'm fine.
[Laura] Here. come to me.
Oh. sweetheart.
There you go.
[emotional music]
-I'm just exhausted.
-I know. honey. I know.
-Just breathe.
-Oh. I just want to...
-I just wanna keep my leg straight.
-OK. I gotcha.
There you go. Just
breathe. honey. breathe.
Ah. fuck.
I gotcha.
Bye. guys!
-[Daniel] Bye.
-Bye Elena. thank you.
You're welcome.
[phone vibrates]
[adventurous music]
Fuck.
-You OK?
-Uh... Yeah!
Um... How about I
get us some snacks?
-Yeah. sounds good.
-OK.
-You sure you're OK?
-Of course.
[music intensifies]
There you are.
-Hey!
-Hey.
Daniel's gone to bed.
I thought we could have
some time with just us.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
I want you so bad.
[he moans]
[she breathes heavily]
[phone pings]
[tense music]
Stop!
-What's going on?
-Stop.
Just. ahhh... Can you
just give me a minute?
OK.
It's OK. I'll be right there.
[Daniel. in distance]
Fuck's sake!
[door slams]
[phone rings. chatter]
Why are you always looking
at such depressing places?
It's for a friend.
Do you hate your friend?
She's on a budget.
Sucks to be her.
We're having after-work
drinkies tonight. Cascade Bar!
Unless you're still...
you know... too sad?
Um...
I won't this time.
but... thank you.
[♪Susanne Sundfør:
"White Foxes"]
What the fuck?
No.
Are you fucking joking?
[phone rings]
The person you have
called is not available.
Please leave a message
after the tone. [beeps]
Laura. call me back.
What the fuck do you
think you're playing at?
♪ Hunger. hunger ♪
♪ Is the purest sin ♪
♪ It is an empty church ♪
♪ In a crowded bin ♪
♪ My eye ♪
♪ Is my sanctuary♪♪
[screams]
[electronic music]
Hi honey. can we get
four Sambucas please?
[Cherry] Uh. no. Tequila for me.
Big night! Down the hatch.
Amazing.
Oh my God.
Wow. You look like
you want to dance.
-No. I want to drink.
-Drink?
What can I get you?
-Tequila.
-Tequila?
-Mhm.
-Wow.
I like your style.
[♪Romy: "Did I"]
♪ Did you hurt me
just for fun? ♪
♪ Did you know the
damage we'd done? ♪
♪ Did I. did I. did I? ♪
♪ Oh. love Did I do
what I've always done? ♪
♪ Leave the room
with the fire on ♪
♪ Did I. did I. did I? ♪
♪ Did you hurt me
just for fun? ♪
♪ Did you know the
damage we'd done? ♪
♪ Did I. did I. did I? ♪
♪ Did I. did I. did I?
-[Cherry] Oops!
-Ay ay...
[Brigitte] That's a bit
of a downgrade. isn't it?
Oh my God. Brigitte!
[laughs] It's so
good to see you.
Is it? Ah... Don't
know about that.
What?
Hm?
Do you know what?
You just... you do you.
Cherry. it's all good.
Why are you so... Why
are you so angry at me?
We're not exactly going to be
friends after what you did to Daniel.
OK?
That wasn't my...
That's not fair.
It's... it's broken me.
Babe. you really...
You really look broken.
Look. I'm so glad that
he's not here to see this.
Fucking tragic.
What a bitch.
-Shall we go back to your place then?
-Fuck off.
[music fades]
[Isabella. on phone]
Brigitte ran into Cherry!
-Did they speak?
-Barely.
She was drunk out of her skull.
snogging her next victim. Brigitte said.
-You were right. she is on the prowl.
-Where were they?
I don't want Daniel bumping
into her. he'd be so upset.
He's doing so well right now.
Brigitte said that the club
is near where Cherry works.
so just tell Daniel to avoid
Chelsea like the plague.
OK. thank you. speak soon.
[♪Nina Simone: "Don't
let me be Misunderstood"]
♪ Baby. you understand me now? ♪
♪ If sometimes you
see that I'm mad ♪
♪ Don't you know that no one
alive can always be an angel? ♪
♪ When everything goes
wrong. you see some bad ♪
♪ But oh. I'm just a soul
whose intentions are good ♪
♪ Oh Lord. please don't
let me be misunderstood ♪
CHERRY-L-5-2-3.
♪ If I seem edgy ♪
♪ I want you to know ♪
♪ I never mean to
take it out on you ♪
♪ Life has its problems And
I get more than my share ♪
♪ But that's one thing I never
mean to do 'Cause I love you...
[music fades]
[phone vibrates and rings]
Elliot? I'm not meant to be
in work this weekend. am I?
-My God. you've got a nerve.
-Oh my God.
Have I got that wrong?
Am I late for something?
Oh no. no. you're not
late. You're fired.
What? Why?
Why? God. you must have
been shitfaced last night.
-Check your phone. Cherry.
-What?
Right. I want you to
bring your keys back today
and get your things.
You'll never work in
this industry again. OK?
Elliot. this... this wasn't
me. I must've been hacked.
No. no. nice try. Cherry.
[hangs up]
[tense music]
[siren sounds]
[♪Robot Koch & Susie
Suh: "Here with Me"]
♪ Oh. inside of me ♪
♪ I find my way back to you ♪
♪ Back to you ♪
♪ Callin' your name
in the midnight hour ♪
-You OK. love?
-[Cherry] Yeah.
-There's always a job for you here.
-[Cherry] I'm not staying.
♪ So many miles between us now ♪
♪ But you are always
here with me...
[Cherry] References?
Yeah... Yeah. I can get
those... over to you.
-[woman] Laine. was it?
-That's it. Cherry Laine.
Wait. you're that nutter
who posted online. right?
I don't think that's entirely
fair. but yeah. um...
Sorry... Yeah. we're
not interested.
No. just... just wait.
Just don't hang...
[dial tones]
Who the fuck would
do this to me?
You OK?
It's like I've been blacklisted.
There's not a single decent
agency that will take me now.
Sorry. love.
Still living like
Stig of the Dump?
I'm not unpacking.
Well come on then. I don't
want us to be late opening up.
[birds chirp] [gentle music]
[Elena] Yeah. perfect.
OK. OK. stop showing
off! [laughs]
You've been good
at that for ages.
Let's see you run. Run!
Yeah.
Wow. what a runner!
He's doing very well.
He is!
Yeah. perfect! [laughs]
[laughs]
No. Daniel!
[Soft music plays in background]
Hey. have you seen Daniel?
He went into town
to have a drink...
with Elena.
So I thought you and I could
have some time. together.
Excellent.
Well then let's just
carpe diem. as they say.
[Laura laughs]
This is really nice.
-Sorry if I've been neglecting you.
-It's OK. baby.
You remember this? From
Tom's vineyard in Andalucia?
And we said: "Oh. let's save
it for a special occasion".
I've been...
thinking.
What do you think about
it just being us... again?
Exclusively? As in.
no more Marianne?
Mmm hmm... yeah.
Only if you want to. of course.
You know I do.
And you're sure?
So sure.
-Let's just be true to each other.
-Of course.
If there's one thing we've been
good at all these years is honesty.
Right?
Hmm.
[♪Carole King: "You
Light Up My Life"]
♪ I never knew how
good I could feel ♪
What? Out here?
♪ Loving you's left me
with nothing to conceal ♪
Carpe diem.
♪ Yeah. you really
light up my life ♪
♪ You give me faith. and hope ♪
♪ and love. and light♪♪
[music fades]
How are you?
I'm good.
-You look like your old self.
-[Daniel scoffs]
Fancy a cheeky joint?
With you? Always.
You were right. by the way.
About what?
Cherry.
I got her so wrong.
But I've deleted her number.
Definitely time to move on.
I think I'm ready
to go home. too.
-Are you sure?
-I'm sure.
OK then. I'll book a jet.
Thanks. Mum.
I love you.
I know.
[intriguing music]
[music intensifies]
[music fades]
-Oh sweetheart. let me help you.
-No. I can manage.
-Carry mine. then.
-No. thank you!
[tense music]
[Daniel] Who are they from?
Oh it's... It's from an artist friend.
They were for you actually. honey.
It's good to be home.
Thanks. babe.
[music intensifies]
So. what do I owe you for that?
Oh. don't tell the boss.
but that's on the house.
Margo needs to build
up her strength.
-Send her our love.
-Thanks. hon.
Oh! And tell that son
of yours to pop by.
He's always had a bit of a
soft spot for our Cherry.
[he laughs]
He's a very handsome
man. Isn't he. Cherry?
Go for it. mum. you could
do with some action.
Outrageous. My own daughter.
Cheerio!
-See ya now!
-Bye.
Mum! Behave.
'Bout time.
Fancy a night out tomorrow?
Yeah... if you're paying.
Good.
[♪Blondie: "One Way or Another"]
♪ One. two. three. four! ♪
[both singing] ♪ One way. or
another. I'm gonna lose ya ♪
♪ I'm gonna give you the slip ♪
♪ A slip of the hip or another ♪
♪ I'm gonna lose ya I'm gonna
trick ya. I'll trick ya ♪
♪ One way. or another.
I'm gonna lose ya ♪
♪ I'm wanna trick ya. trick
ya. trick ya. trick ya ♪
♪ One way. or another.
I'm gonna lose ya ♪
♪ I'm gonna give you the slip♪♪
[crowd cheers. song ends]
There you are.
[they laugh]
Are you OK?
That were fantastic. I've not
had a night like that for ages.
I'd forgotten how good
you are. it's annoying.
-It's a shame it skipped a generation.
-Oi!
It's good to see
you smiling again.
Yeah. I miss him.
Course you do. You always will.
-What if I never meet anyone like him?
-You won't.
-You're not meant to say that. mum!
-It's true.
I mean. sometimes. we do only
get the one chance at love.
Look at me.
I never replaced your dad.
But I'm happy. got my shit
together. made a good life.
Hmm?
You will too.
You should come
with me tomorrow.
No.
It's been a while since
you've seen him and...
He misses you. I know that.
Well. not that he can remember
much these days. but...
Come on. love.
I forgave him.
Can't you?
[sombre music]
You all right?
Yeah.
Come on. then.
Thanks for coming. love.
[music intensifies]
[Tracey] Hiya love.
how you doing?
Hey.
It's a bit warm in here int'it?
I'll get us some water in a sec.
[he grunts]
No. I haven't forgotten the
socks. they're in the bag.
And I bought you a new...
jumper.
Look who's come to see ya.
I knew you'd be pleased.
You'll be alright John. for a minute?
I'll uh... I'll go and get you that water.
[Tracey whispers] OK?
Hi. Dad.
Um...
Yeah. I'm just here
for a bit. um...
Just between... between
jobs at the moment.
[grunts]
W... what was that?
Fuck off!
[music intensifies]
[he grunts and shouts]
[music fades]
What's the matter. love?
I can't be here. I can't...
Has something happened
with your dad?
Look. he... he doesn't
really know what's going on.
He knows exactly
what's going on.
I'm not doing this.
I'm getting out.
No please. just give it... just
give it a couple more weeks.
Everything's going
to work itself out.
It's not. Not if I stay here.
Fine.
So. what are you gonna do?
I don't know. I just
want my life back.
[intriguing music]
Howard Sanderson
gave me your number.
said I should pick your brains.
Great.
Hi.
I have an appointment
with Max Kader.
-Name?
-Cherry Laine.
Governments aren't going
to fix the housing problem.
They won't let the markets drop.
It's up to business entrepreneurs
to become social benefactors.
like they did in
the 19th century.
With my skills and contacts.
and your investment.
we can take the parts of the city
that need it most and transform them.
It's not a new idea.
No. but it's a good one.
All it needs is the
passion to make it happen.
I have that passion.
I can see that.
Rich wanker foreigners
better watch out.
It's an interesting move
seeing as your business plan
requires several rich wankers.
Yeah. Yeah. It cost me my job.
But. speaking out
grabs attention.
And maybe guys like
you who live in luxury
need to start listening.
All right. let me speak
to some of my people.
OK.
I assume you've talked
to Howard about this.
Uh. no. I've not... spoken to
Howard. Not since Daniel died.
Sorry. what did you say?
Uh. that I've... I've
not spoken to Howard...
Sorry. I just thought
you said Daniel had died.
and I was about to say Daniel
Sanderson looks very much alive to me.
He's upstairs having
lunch as we speak.
[tense music]
[♪Self Esteem: "How
Can I Help You"]
♪ I don't know shit. I don't
know shit. I don't know shit ♪
♪ But I don't know shit
Do I? I don't know shit ♪
♪ And that's how you live
with it I don't know shit ♪
♪ I don't know shit. I don't
know shit. I don't know shit ♪
♪ I don't know shit.
I don't know...
[intriguing music]